# RealEstateFinder
  A Java Swing Application allowing sellers to post real estate listings and customers to browse listings and add properties they are interested in to their favorites. Customers can also submit their contact information to the seller if they are interested in buying the property. This application utilizes a rich MVC architecture along with utilizing the Strategy design pattern  to create the Property Desciption Page based on the customers actions and recreate the page in real time. This application utilizes serialization for persistence. The application also uses the Observer and Iterator design patterns. This project was created by myself and two other partners for my Object Oriented Design and Programming elective course (COP4331). The design for the application includes Use Cases, CRC diagram, UML Class diagrams, Sequence diagrams, and State diagrams. Tools Used: Java and Java Swing Framework, NetBeans
  To run the project, open the RealEstateFinder project folder in Netbeans or Eclipse. We developed the application in Netbeans. Before most things can be performed in the application, all Properties must have an owner. Sign up as a Seller by selecting the properties the Seller owns and check that the user is a Seller. Whenever an Account is created, Customer or Seller, or other actions are performed on the application(Adding a Property to Favorites), the user must click to "Log out" which is located on the navigation bar in order to save the changes to the file. 
